README.md, before:

### Application Deployment Process

Pre-requisites:
 - ARN of any existing DynomoDB table
 - Name of existing S3 bucket

1. `git clone git@github.com:igeiman/naildesigns.git && cd naildesigns`
2. `git checkout [branch name]]`
3. `amplify init` (specify that you want to create a new environment and give a name of the environment)
4. update amplify/backend/function/S3Trigger9762a3ea/parameters.json with valid values (they will be replaced with the real values later on);
5. update amplify/backend/sns/parameters.json with email address of the "site moderator". Notifications of attempts to upload unsuitable content are sent will be sent to this email
6. `amplify push`
7. update amplify/backend/function/S3Trigger9762a3ea/parameters.json with the actual values of DynamoDB table ARN and S3 bucket name. Might need to perform step 4 again and remove sharp module and package-lock.json from the amplify/backend/function/S3Trigger9762a3ea/src:
- `cd amplify/backend/function/S3Trigger9762a3ea/src/`
- `rm -rf node_modules/sharp`
- `rm -rf package-lock.json`
- `docker run -v "$PWD":/var/task lambci/lambda:build-nodejs8.10 npm install sharp`
8. `amplify push`
9. Confirm subscription to recieve moderation emails
10. `npm install`
11. `amplify serve`   optional, application is served on localhost:3000
12. `amplify hosting add` to add static hosting in S3
13. `amplify publish` application is served from CloudFront distribution fronting static web site on S3
14. Modify access policy of Elastic Search cluster and define desired access level. The deployment grants access to Lambda function only
15. `amplify env remove [env name]`, delete the environment or
16. `amplify delete` to delete all the environments


Optional - Sentiment Analisys for Comments
Since Amplify has a very opitionated way of deploying api component, i did not find a way to override the function that streams from DynamoDB to ES

To add comprehend to the application:
Add Comprehend permissions to already deployed DdbToEsFn:
                "comprehend:DetectDominantLanguage",
                "comprehend:DetectSentiment"

Override functions code with the code in amplify/backend/python/python_streaming_function.py
Working to find a way to deploy it properly.
Sentiment analisys can be performed on comments in the following langiages: [de, pt, en, it, fr, es]
Please note this code will be overriden on any api change.

## With the change below, there is now a way to implement a custom Lambda for Comment table:
https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/987
- remove searchable directive from Comment table
- add another fuction via amplify cli
- modify CF of the function and the code, trigger it only upon changes in Comment table, reference Comment table name and table stream ARN via exports from api CFN.

## Support for multiple Auth allows access from Lambda to AppSync and thus refresh upon photo upload
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/supporting-backend-and-internal-processes-with-aws-appsync-multiple-authorization-types/
Important:
- add this directive to AppSync console to the mutation and photo type, no support in CLI yet: @aws_iam @aws_cognito_user_pools
- add additional IAM authentication to AppSync console, no support in Amplify CLI yet

## Deployment To Amplify Console
[![amplifybutton](https://oneclick.amplifyapp.com/button.svg)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/amplify/home#/deploy?repo=https://github.com/igeiman/naildesigns)

## TODO:

- https://aws-amplify.github.io/docs/cli-toolchain/graphql (subscription for relations section) - Done
- change Picture.js to have subscription to commnets that are created for this photo -Done
- pass GraphQLAPI endpoint dynamically to photo processing Lambda

Commit message:

remove API_KEY from env variables

README.md, after:

### Application Deployment Process

Pre-requisites:
 - ARN of any existing DynomoDB table
 - Name of existing S3 bucket

1. `git clone git@github.com:igeiman/naildesigns.git && cd naildesigns`
2. `git checkout [branch name]]`
3. `amplify init` (specify that you want to create a new environment and give a name of the environment)
4. update amplify/backend/function/S3Trigger9762a3ea/parameters.json with valid values (they will be replaced with the real values later on);
5. update amplify/backend/sns/parameters.json with email address of the "site moderator". Notifications of attempts to upload unsuitable content are sent will be sent to this email
6. `amplify push`
7. update amplify/backend/function/S3Trigger9762a3ea/parameters.json with the actual values of DynamoDB table ARN and S3 bucket name. Might need to perform step 4 again and remove sharp module and package-lock.json from the amplify/backend/function/S3Trigger9762a3ea/src:
- `cd amplify/backend/function/S3Trigger9762a3ea/src/`
- `rm -rf node_modules/sharp`
- `rm -rf package-lock.json`
- `docker run -v "$PWD":/var/task lambci/lambda:build-nodejs8.10 npm install sharp`
8. `amplify push`
9. Confirm subscription to recieve moderation emails
10. `npm install`
11. `amplify serve`   optional, application is served on localhost:3000
12. `amplify hosting add` to add static hosting in S3
13. `amplify publish` application is served from CloudFront distribution fronting static web site on S3
14. Modify access policy of Elastic Search cluster and define desired access level. The deployment grants access to Lambda function only
15. `amplify env remove [env name]`, delete the environment or
16. `amplify delete` to delete all the environments


Optional - Sentiment Analisys for Comments
Since Amplify has a very opitionated way of deploying api component, i did not find a way to override the function that streams from DynamoDB to ES

To add comprehend to the application:
Add Comprehend and SSM permissions to already deployed DdbToEsFn:
                "comprehend:DetectDominantLanguage",
                "comprehend:DetectSentiment",
				"ssm:GetParameter"

Override functions code with the code in amplify/backend/python/python_streaming_function.py
Update lambda
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-python-how-to-create-deployment-package.html
```zip -g function.zip python_streaming_function.py
 aws lambda update-function-code --function-name DdbToEsFn-334ewcn6rjbijeoj3ryqcpwb3m-newday  --zip-file fileb://function.zip```
Add API key for the GraphQL endpoint to the SSM parameters store with the name /[env]/qgl_key

## With the change below, there is now a way to implement a custom Lambda for Comment table:
https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/987
- remove searchable directive from Comment table
- add another fuction via amplify cli
- modify CF of the function and the code, trigger it only upon changes in Comment table, reference Comment table name and table stream ARN via exports from api CFN.

## Support for multiple Auth allows access from Lambda to AppSync and thus refresh upon photo upload
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/supporting-backend-and-internal-processes-with-aws-appsync-multiple-authorization-types/
Important:
- add this directive to AppSync console to the mutation and photo type, no support in CLI yet: @aws_iam @aws_cognito_user_pools
- add additional IAM authentication to AppSync console, no support in Amplify CLI yet

## Deployment To Amplify Console
[![amplifybutton](https://oneclick.amplifyapp.com/button.svg)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/amplify/home#/deploy?repo=https://github.com/igeiman/naildesigns)

## TODO:

- https://aws-amplify.github.io/docs/cli-toolchain/graphql (subscription for relations section) - Done
- change Picture.js to have subscription to commnets that are created for this photo -Done
- pass GraphQLAPI endpoint dynamically to photo processing Lambda
- Remove secrets from Environment variables, add them to SSM parameter store
